Joey Sortino:
User Story 1: A Los Angeles mother of three has some family coming into town for the weekend. She wants to quickly look through nearby options for hiking trails to see if she can plan a healthy Saturday outing for everyone.
User Story 2: Someone is finishing a shopping trip and, about to head home, realizes they forgot to pick up produce for their salad tonight. They need to quickly see if there is anywhere in the vicinity where they can find fresh, local produce.
User Story 3: George goes along with a group out during lunch break on work and eats more and less healthy food than he had planned on. Wanting to do something better for his body he wants to quickly plan a workout he can fit into the 30 minutes before he needs to go back to work.
Sty

Teagan Mucher:
User Story 1: Maria is a single mother with two young boys. She needs to find a recipe for a quick, on-the-go breakfast for her kids.
User Story 2: A guy comes into LA to visit his brother for the weekend. They want to find a walking trail to go explore on a Saturday morning.


Dan Huth:
User Story 1: An LA native is having a rough week at his office and has not had any time to exercise. During his lunch break, he wants to find an exercise that he can do for 5-10 minutes that will help keep him healthy. 
User Story 2: A college student has decided that she wants to make a change in her life, and start living healthily. She has no experience with any ways to eat healthy,  or work out. 

William Chen:
Jacob Farner is a low income worker doing construction work. When he isn’t working, Jacob spends his time with his family and drinking with his friends. He has little interest in healthy eating and exercise because of the effort and cost needed to do both. Jacob has little interest in the trendy apps that are typically promoted. 
	However recently his doctor has told him he needs to lose weight. Jacob remembers that his friend who works at OXY talked about some kind of app that could help him. It’s also in Spanish which is a plus.
	Jacob wants a simple to use app that will teach him how to get fit quick. Jacob doesn’t care that much about how social media integration or integration with larger services. Jacob just wants a simple app because he isn’t very good with technology. Furthermore, Jacob thinks it would be cool to have information that is more directly related to his interests.


